DP-12: Update Visualizations section & Search (#5840)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/visualizations/heatmap.adoc

= Heatmap

The heatmap visualization displays either unacknowledged alarms or ongoing outages, depending on its configuration.
You can apply the visualization to categories, foreign sources, or node services.

The size of an entity is calculated by counting the services inside of the entity.
Thus, a node with fewer services is displayed as a smaller box than one with more services.

.Heatmap visualization of outages
image::visualizations/heatmap.png[{page-component-title} UI displaying an outage heatmap. The smallest entity reports an ongoing outage."]

NOTE: The heatmap visualization is deactivated by default.

== Configuration properties

> The heatmap visualization is configured in `opennms.properties`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the heatmap visualization in `opennms.properties`.
```

[caption=]
.Heatmap visualization configuration properties
[cols="2,3,1"]
|===
| Name  | Description   | Default Value

3+|*Boolean property*

| org.opennms.heatmap.onlyUnacknowledged

> | Controls the scope of alarms to be taken into account when generating the alarms heatmap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Controls the scope of alarms to take into account when generating the alarms heatmap.
```
